one of the most important things that I've learned. Ah, feature, if you
if you want to call it, that is it is the exposure you get exposed
to all kinds of things. You get exposed to different people from different
backgrounds. He get exposed to different parts of the world.
It gives you perspective. So my viewpoint on how the world may work
is far different now than what it was when I first joined the military,
and I give that give I give the military credit for helping me
develop this. I think I'm better for it. Um, when you when you graduate
from anywhere, are you you know, you are young, younger. You are
very sure of what you think, what you think a lot of the time. But
really, you don't have a lot of experience to back that up when the
military exposes you to do these different ways of doing things with
different people and seeing different countries and being on a ship
for any length of time. In my particular experience, you kind of gives
you a feel for for perhaps what's happening in the world and that
perhaps things aren't exactly is how you exactly how you how you thought
they were. And that's one of the most important parts of being
in the military. And within that I think the most important part about
being in the military's again exposure to the people and and it's
whether it's subordinates or peers or in and superiors. Uh, you you
learn the most by listening to the people around you, and that includes
the people you totally disagree with and and probably never will.
At least you understand their point of view. It gives you a perspective
on the way they think, how they're going to do their job and
how you can relate to them. Um, and people like them, and that's a
very good thing.